diff --git a/README.md b/README.md
index c74499c9c..51aaadb8a 100644
--- a/README.md
+++ b/README.md
@@ -5,15 +5,14 @@ This was also the final project of my bachelor in computer science, you can find
 
 ### Project description
 
-The project is about to build a messaging system that help users groups in taking decision, providing an in-app fully integrated support to this process. Basically the system that i will build is based on democratic vote, where each user can make proposal that will be voted by others, as vote system seems to works kind of good for finding consensus in a democratic systems,since the 6th century BC.
+The project aims to build an instant messaging mobile application for Android, that help user groups at taking shared decisions, providing an in-app fully integrated support to this process. In a nutshell the system that I buildt is based on a voting mechanism, where each user can make a set of proposals that will be voted by others members.
+When a member of a group, wants the group to make a shared decision about something, that user will create a new “decision” that consists in a poll with different of options. The decision and each one of the options have an title and a long description where is possible to insert additional information. After a decision has been created, members can vote for the options, choosing for each one “yes”, or “no”.
 
-So if a member of a group, wants the group to take a shared decision about something, that user will create a new “decision” that consist in a poll with different of options. The decision and each one of its options have univocal a title and a long description, where is possible to insert additional information about. After a decision has been created, members can vote the for the options saying for each one “yes”, or “no”.
-
-Option will be showed ordered by positive vote count, in this way users will saw at first the one that have the highest likelihood of being chosen, so they will tend to vote for those; making easier to reach an agreement on one single option. Furthermore in each moment will be possible to have a clear idea of the users that votes, and the one that don't, reminding so to those last to do so.
+Options will be shown ordered by positive vote count, in this way users will first see the ones that have the highest likelihood of being chosen, so they will tend to vote for those; making it easier to reach an agreement. In each moment it will be also possible to have a clear view of which users voted, which did not, reminding them to cast their vote. Furthermore once a decision has been created, it will be no longer necessary to read thousand of messages, for having an idea about the opinion expressed so far, that data will be presented in a specific screen right inside the app.
 
 ### Why creating new app, and not just using Doodle ?
 
-It is true that could be also possible to achieve task similar to the ones performed by Decisiongram, by sending in a Telegram group chat something the link to a Doodle, or to a shared Google spreadsheet. But with using Decisiongram, according to the way it is implemented, the task of making a decision will be performed in a much more easy way and with a better support, for the following reasons.
+It might be said that is also possible to perform tasks similar to the ones performed by Decisiongram, by sending in a Telegram group chat the link to a Doodle, or to a shared Google spreadsheet. Nevertheless I consider that by using Decisiongram, according to the way it is implemented, the task of making a decision could be performed in a much more easy way and with a better support, for the following reasons.
 
 1. Notifications about decisions, will be reported, within special messages, just inside the chat thread, making so those transactions, part of the communication flow between group members. 
 2. Decisiongram being based on Telegram, is primarily a messaging app, that beside providing support for managing decisions and voting options, it even provides a natural support for discussing about such topics, helping in this way users in finding consensus.
